Expose the upgrade tool in docs.daml.com (#790)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/upgrade/smart-contract-upgrades.rst

-  The implementation of an interface instance can be changed;

The following table summarizes the changes supported by SCU. Consult the

> subsequent sections below for additional information.  For application updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sections below for additional information. For application updates
```

that are not covered by SCU, consult the :ref:`Automating the Upgrade Process

> <upgrade-automation>` section which describes an upgrade tool that can be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<upgrade-automation>` section, which describes an upgrade tool for
```

> to migrate contracts from an old version to a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
migrating contracts from an old version to a new version.
```
